**Humans: The Invaders of Mother Earth**
"GRRR..." A loud growl resounded from within. Molten, lava, ash, bubbled up inside me, literally, impatiently waiting for that long awaited day, which was definitely coming very soon, where finally, they could be set free, released at last. They deserved it. I had had enough. This had gone on for way too long. It was time to show them my wrath. 

Ever since a bunch of turd, also known as homo sapiens had inhabited, or so to say, invaded my planet, things had never been the same. Apparently, they had arrived from a planet Tihs, which had been destroyed, exploded into rubble by a meteorite. It was such a pity that a small handful of them somehow miraculously managed to survive the blast, reasons being unknown even up till this day. And of course, in a bid to survive, they came.

WHY?! HOW?! I wonder every so often. HOW did they manage to find Earth, which was an estimated 100 light years away from Tihs? WHY did they even deserve to find me? Before they came, things were ever so peaceful... Those days, those days... which have only become a mere memory. I highly doubt I'll ever be able to resurrect those clear waters of mine, those grassy plains, the spectacular wildlife, with these HOMO SAPIENS around. WHAT did we do to deserve this? Absolutely nothing. 

But yet they arrived, caused destruction, in every possible way, some that I did not even dream of. Factories, vehicles, my once azure blue atmosphere filled with thick black fumes. Riots, protests, my body has never been so noisy, so chaotic. Greenhouses gases, toxic fumes, my smooth skin now burned and charred. Ships, oil spills, pollution, my body fluids now choked with rubbish. Littering, landfills, even my lithosphere is unable to scream no more. 

Some ask me, "It isn't that bad, is it, unlike me who is so obscure that I am seemingly non-existent to every and any life form?" Well, they clearly have not been in my place. "There are worse things than being invisible, much worse," I reply them. I have gone through so much more than them, uncomparably more. I have felt isolation, experienced ostrasisation, and I'll be very frank, trust me, I would give up ANYTHING to experience that once again, instead of this. At the very least, I could still act according to my free will, I could control my own body. Now, I. Can't. Even. Breathe. 

I have tried to express my anger through my various fits, better known by the homo sapiens as natural disasters. But are they really natural? Have they considered if being THIS angry was NATURAL? I have already used up my mildest weapons to warn them, of the impending storm that would strike if they continued. But homo sapiens being stubborn creatures, they ignored, literally turning their backs to my calls. I had already been very patient and gentle with them, but they took it for granted. They could have just looked up and chosen the flower path, but instead they continued shutting their eyes tight. Now, they are heading for the lava pool, on their very own accord. 

I cleared my throat and cracked my knuckles. The ground shook, the waves crashed, the sky instantly turned light black. IT. WAS. SHOWTIME. 


